Reviewing docs (#52)
willtebbutt/Stheno.jl: docs/src/input_types.md

# Input Types

Stheno enables the user to handle any type of input domain they wish and provides a common API that users must implement when considering a new way of representing input data to ensure that the package knows how to handle them appropriately.

> Discussed below is this interface's core assumptions, a detailed account of a couple of important concrete input types. Additionally, we provide a worked-example of a new input type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discussed below is this interface's core assumptions, and a detailed account of a couple of important concrete input types. Additionally, we provide a worked-example of a new input type.
```

## D-Dimensional Euclidean Space

Many applications of interest involve more than a single input-dimension, such as spatio-temporal modeling or Machine Learning tasks. For these cases, we provide `ColVecs <: AbstractVector`.
```julia
X_data = randn(5, 100)
X = ColVecs(X_data)
```
tells Stheno that it should treat each column of `X_data` as a vector-valued input. Phrased differently, `X` is an `AbstractVector{T}` where `T <: Vector{<:Real}`, which stores its elements in memory as a dense matrix. This approach has the advantage of making it completely explicit how Stheno treats a matrix of data, and also simplifies quite a bit of the internal machinery, as all vectors of inputs can be assumed to be a subtype of `AbstractVector`.

Future plans include a `RowVecs` type, which would instead treat each row of `X_data` as a vector-valued input. If you would like this feature, please raise an issue or a PR to let us know there's a demand for it. The worked example below actually makes some headway on this, so it provides an excellent starting point for a PR!

### Structure in D-Dimensional Euclidean Space

> Consider a rectilinear grid of points in D-dimensional Euclidean space. Such grids of points can be represented in a more memory-efficient manner than can arbitrarily locate sets of points. Moreover, this structure can be exploited to accelerate inference for certain types of problems dramatically. Other such examples exist e.g., uniform grids in N-dimensions, and can be exploited to more efficiently represent input data and to accelerate inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider a rectilinear grid of points in D-dimensional Euclidean space. Such grids of points can be represented in a more memory-efficient manner than can arbitrary sets of points. Moreover, this structure can be exploited to accelerate inference for certain types of problems dramatically. Other such examples exist e.g., uniform grids in N-dimensions, and can be exploited to more efficiently represent input data and to accelerate inference.
```

Base.size(x::RowVecs) = (length(x),)
Base.getindex(x::RowVecs, n::Int) = x.X[n, :]
```

> This structure prints nicely and pass some consistency checks, but none of the base `Kernel`s in the package know how to treat it. This means that, for example, new `pw` and `ew` methods that are specialised to `RowVec` must be added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This structure prints nicely and will pass internal consistency checks, but none of the base `Kernel`s in the package know how to treat it. This means that, for example, new `pw` and `ew` methods that are specialised to `RowVec` must be added:
```
